---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Hello!"
description: "Welcome to my site! Here's what you can expect."
category: articles
---

My name is Christopher Bartz. 

I hope that this site will be helpful for you. I want it to be a tool for starting quality conversations, and continuing them, too. Think of it as an open letter, and don’t hesitate to write your own! Then, seek me, [quāere me](https://twitter.com/QuaereMe).

## Topics
Most topics will follow these tags:
* _Macroeconomics_: subjects of broad market trends;
* _Digital Marketing_: meta-analysis generally about this project and technical implementation details;
* _Software Engineering_: programming systems with business applications in mind; and
* _Life Hacks_: stuff I’ve found helpful that I hope will work for you.

### What this is _not_
In general, I don’t intend to discuss social issues on this site. _Pathos_ tends to confirm biases rather than encouraging dialectic. However, I believe these social issues are vitally important, and therefore deserve face-to-face conversations with people I already know. What seems simple may be more complex, and vice versa.

## About Myself
I work at Google NYC in advertising, engineering custom solutions for the business needs of large advertising agencies. Basically this means solving the same categories of problems that smaller companies have, but with unique challenges that only occur on a larger scale.

I have an MBA from Benedictine College, and previously was an Associate Senior Software Engineer at Cerner in KC, writing medical record business logic. I have a B.A. in Computer Science cum laude, and was a librarian for four years. For three semesters, I directed a volunteer choir in renaissance polyphony and Gregorian chant. I also studied the trivium and quadrivium as part of the liberal arts in college, and I enjoy attending Latin-speaking conferences.
